# SNHU_Portfolio
The documents submitted to this repository revolve around a project done in one of my college classes. The project in question is called the "DriverPass" project, which is taught through a system analysis and design class. The client of this project is "DriverPass", and the system they wanted to be designed was an LMS system related to training people on passing their driving test. The system involved offering online courses for students with an instructor to grade and submit feedback based on their work. It also involved an appointment system so students could schedule a driving instruction appointment with an instructor. I believe what I did best was initially collect the business requirements and list the criteria that the client wanted, while also acknowledging what sort of limitations the system would have. 

If I could go back and improve one thing, I would choose to flesh out the diagrams I created and organize them better. While the diagrams I created get the main point across, some of them are disorganized and could be formatted better. I interpreted the user's needs by listening to what they wanted and identifying key points that would relate to what they had envisioned. By keeping these key points in mind, I was able to create a design that could realistically work, while also not losing track of the original vision. This is a crucial part of design as the entire point of a design is to create it for the user. If you disregard what the client has envisioned, then when you present your design for reviewal, they may flat out reject the design, which in turn would worsen relations with the client on top of setting the project backwards on the timeline towards completion. 

I approach designing software by first identifying what sort of software is being created. After this, I then relate the system to similar systems created by others. By doing this it creates a good starting point for inspiration, and you can also identify things you believe do well, while ruling out what you believe to be deficiencies in certain designs. Furthermore, by using a method such as this you put yourself into a position where you do not stagnate in your thought processes, as you are actively researching outside work for inspiration and knowledge. 

 
